Katas UI review - Multiqubit gates (#1845)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/multi_qubit_gates/index.md

    "title": "CNOT Gate"
})

> The first multi-qubit gate you're going to review is the $CNOT$ ("controlled NOT") gate. The $CNOT$ gate is a two-qubit gate, with one qubit referred to as the **control** qubit, and the other qubit as the **target** qubit (usually the first qubit is the control, and the second qubit is the target).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first multi-qubit gate this kata introduces is the $CNOT$ ("controlled NOT") gate. The $CNOT$ gate is a two-qubit gate, with one qubit referred to as the **control** qubit, and the other qubit as the **target** qubit (usually the first qubit is the control, and the second qubit is the target).
```

$$=\ket{00}\big(\braket{00|10}\big) + \ket{01}\big(\braket{01|10}\big) + \ket{10}\big(\braket{11|10}\big) + \ket{11}\big(\braket{10|10}\big) =$$
$$=\ket{00}(0) + \ket{01}(0) + \ket{10}(0) + \ket{11}(1) = \ket{11}$$

> > Notice how a lot of the inner product terms turn out to equal 0, and the expression is easily simplified. The $CNOT$ gate is expressed in terms of outer product of computational basis states, which are orthonormal, and is applied to another computational basis state, so the individual inner products are going to always be 0 or 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Notice how a lot of the inner product terms turn out to equal 0, and the expression is easily simplified. The $CNOT$ gate is expressed in terms of the outer product of computational basis states, which are orthonormal, and is applied to another computational basis state, so the individual inner products will always be 0 or 1.
```
